conv0_weight                            False           Resnet-conv1-weight/out
bn0_gamma                               False           Resnet-conv1_bn_relu-gamma/out
bn0_beta                                False           Resnet-conv1_bn_relu-beta/out
stage1_unit1_conv1_weight               False           Resnet-res2_0_branch2a-weight/out
stage1_unit1_conv2_gamma                False           Resnet-res2_0_branch2a_bn_relu-gamma/out
stage1_unit1_conv2_beta                 False           Resnet-res2_0_branch2a_bn_relu-beta/out
stage1_unit1_conv2_weight               False           Resnet-res2_0_branch2b-weight/out
stage1_unit1_conv3_gamma                False           Resnet-res2_0_branch2b_bn_relu-gamma/out
stage1_unit1_conv3_beta                 False           Resnet-res2_0_branch2b_bn_relu-beta/out
stage1_unit1_conv3_weight               False           Resnet-res2_0_branch2c-weight/out
stage1_unit1_conv1sc_weight             False           Resnet-res2_0_branch1-weight/out
stage1_unit1_bn3_gamma                  False           Resnet-res2_0_branch2c_bn_add_relu-gamma/out
stage1_unit1_bn3_beta                   False           Resnet-res2_0_branch2c_bn_add_relu-beta/out
stage1_unit1_bn1sc_gamma                False           Resnet-res2_0_branch1_bn-gamma/out
stage1_unit1_bn1sc_beta                 False           Resnet-res2_0_branch1_bn-beta/out
stage1_unit2_conv1_weight               False           Resnet-res2_1_branch2a-weight/out
stage1_unit2_conv2_gamma                False           Resnet-res2_1_branch2a_bn_relu-gamma/out
stage1_unit2_conv2_beta                 False           Resnet-res2_1_branch2a_bn_relu-beta/out
stage1_unit2_conv2_weight               False           Resnet-res2_1_branch2b-weight/out
stage1_unit2_conv3_gamma                False           Resnet-res2_1_branch2b_bn_relu-gamma/out
stage1_unit2_conv3_beta                 False           Resnet-res2_1_branch2b_bn_relu-beta/out
stage1_unit2_conv3_weight               False           Resnet-res2_1_branch2c-weight/out
stage1_unit2_bn3_gamma                  False           Resnet-res2_1_branch2c_bn_add_relu-gamma/out
stage1_unit2_bn3_beta                   False           Resnet-res2_1_branch2c_bn_add_relu-beta/out
stage1_unit3_conv1_weight               False           Resnet-res2_2_branch2a-weight/out
stage1_unit3_conv2_gamma                False           Resnet-res2_2_branch2a_bn_relu-gamma/out
stage1_unit3_conv2_beta                 False           Resnet-res2_2_branch2a_bn_relu-beta/out
stage1_unit3_conv2_weight               False           Resnet-res2_2_branch2b-weight/out
stage1_unit3_conv3_gamma                False           Resnet-res2_2_branch2b_bn_relu-gamma/out
stage1_unit3_conv3_beta                 False           Resnet-res2_2_branch2b_bn_relu-beta/out
stage1_unit3_conv3_weight               False           Resnet-res2_2_branch2c-weight/out
stage1_unit3_bn3_gamma                  False           Resnet-res2_2_branch2c_bn_add_relu-gamma/out
stage1_unit3_bn3_beta                   False           Resnet-res2_2_branch2c_bn_add_relu-beta/out
stage2_unit1_conv1_weight               False           Resnet-res3_0_branch2a-weight/out
stage2_unit1_conv2_gamma                False           Resnet-res3_0_branch2a_bn_relu-gamma/out
stage2_unit1_conv2_beta                 False           Resnet-res3_0_branch2a_bn_relu-beta/out
stage2_unit1_conv2_weight               False           Resnet-res3_0_branch2b-weight/out
stage2_unit1_conv3_gamma                False           Resnet-res3_0_branch2b_bn_relu-gamma/out
stage2_unit1_conv3_beta                 False           Resnet-res3_0_branch2b_bn_relu-beta/out
stage2_unit1_conv3_weight               False           Resnet-res3_0_branch2c-weight/out
stage2_unit1_conv1sc_weight             False           Resnet-res3_0_branch1-weight/out
stage2_unit1_bn_sc_gamma                False           Resnet-res3_0_branch1_bn-gamma/out
stage2_unit1_bn_sc_beta                 False           Resnet-res3_0_branch1_bn-beta/out
stage2_unit1_bn3_gamma                  False           Resnet-res3_0_branch2c_bn_add_relu-gamma/out
stage2_unit1_bn3_beta                   False           Resnet-res3_0_branch2c_bn_add_relu-beta/out
stage2_unit2_conv1_weight               False           Resnet-res3_1_branch2a-weight/out
stage2_unit2_conv2_gamma                False           Resnet-res3_1_branch2a_bn_relu-gamma/out
stage2_unit2_conv2_beta                 False           Resnet-res3_1_branch2a_bn_relu-beta/out
stage2_unit2_conv2_weight               False           Resnet-res3_1_branch2b-weight/out
stage2_unit2_conv3_gamma                False           Resnet-res3_1_branch2b_bn_relu-gamma/out
stage2_unit2_conv3_beta                 False           Resnet-res3_1_branch2b_bn_relu-beta/out
stage2_unit2_conv3_weight               False           Resnet-res3_1_branch2c-weight/out
stage2_unit2_bn3_gamma                  False           Resnet-res3_1_branch2c_bn_add_relu-gamma/out
stage2_unit2_bn3_beta                   False           Resnet-res3_1_branch2c_bn_add_relu-beta/out
stage2_unit3_conv1_weight               False           Resnet-res3_2_branch2a-weight/out
stage2_unit3_conv2_gamma                False           Resnet-res3_2_branch2a_bn_relu-gamma/out
stage2_unit3_conv2_beta                 False           Resnet-res3_2_branch2a_bn_relu-beta/out
stage2_unit3_conv2_weight               False           Resnet-res3_2_branch2b-weight/out
stage2_unit3_conv3_gamma                False           Resnet-res3_2_branch2b_bn_relu-gamma/out
stage2_unit3_conv3_beta                 False           Resnet-res3_2_branch2b_bn_relu-beta/out
stage2_unit3_conv3_weight               False           Resnet-res3_2_branch2c-weight/out
stage2_unit3_bn3_gamma                  False           Resnet-res3_2_branch2c_bn_add_relu-gamma/out
stage2_unit3_bn3_beta                   False           Resnet-res3_2_branch2c_bn_add_relu-beta/out
stage2_unit4_conv1_weight               False           Resnet-res3_3_branch2a-weight/out
stage2_unit4_conv2_gamma                False           Resnet-res3_3_branch2a_bn_relu-gamma/out
stage2_unit4_conv2_beta                 False           Resnet-res3_3_branch2a_bn_relu-beta/out
stage2_unit4_conv2_weight               False           Resnet-res3_3_branch2b-weight/out
stage2_unit4_conv3_gamma                False           Resnet-res3_3_branch2b_bn_relu-gamma/out
stage2_unit4_conv3_beta                 False           Resnet-res3_3_branch2b_bn_relu-beta/out
stage2_unit4_conv3_weight               False           Resnet-res3_3_branch2c-weight/out
stage2_unit4_bn3_gamma                  False           Resnet-res3_3_branch2c_bn_add_relu-gamma/out
stage2_unit4_bn3_beta                   False           Resnet-res3_3_branch2c_bn_add_relu-beta/out
stage3_unit1_conv1_weight               False           Resnet-res4_0_branch2a-weight/out
stage3_unit1_conv2_gamma                False           Resnet-res4_0_branch2a_bn_relu-gamma/out
stage3_unit1_conv2_beta                 False           Resnet-res4_0_branch2a_bn_relu-beta/out
stage3_unit1_conv2_weight               False           Resnet-res4_0_branch2b-weight/out
stage3_unit1_conv3_gamma                False           Resnet-res4_0_branch2b_bn_relu-gamma/out
stage3_unit1_conv3_beta                 False           Resnet-res4_0_branch2b_bn_relu-beta/out
stage3_unit1_conv3_weight               False           Resnet-res4_0_branch2c-weight/out
stage3_unit1_conv1sc_weight             False           Resnet-res4_0_branch1-weight/out
stage3_unit1_bn_sc_gamma                False           Resnet-res4_0_branch1_bn-gamma/out
stage3_unit1_bn_sc_beta                 False           Resnet-res4_0_branch1_bn-beta/out
stage3_unit1_bn3_gamma                  False           Resnet-res4_0_branch2c_bn_add_relu-gamma/out
stage3_unit1_bn3_beta                   False           Resnet-res4_0_branch2c_bn_add_relu-beta/out
stage3_unit2_conv1_weight               False           Resnet-res4_1_branch2a-weight/out
stage3_unit2_conv2_gamma                False           Resnet-res4_1_branch2a_bn_relu-gamma/out
stage3_unit2_conv2_beta                 False           Resnet-res4_1_branch2a_bn_relu-beta/out
stage3_unit2_conv2_weight               False           Resnet-res4_1_branch2b-weight/out
stage3_unit2_conv3_gamma                False           Resnet-res4_1_branch2b_bn_relu-gamma/out
stage3_unit2_conv3_beta                 False           Resnet-res4_1_branch2b_bn_relu-beta/out
stage3_unit2_conv3_weight               False           Resnet-res4_1_branch2c-weight/out
stage3_unit2_bn3_gamma                  False           Resnet-res4_1_branch2c_bn_add_relu-gamma/out
stage3_unit2_bn3_beta                   False           Resnet-res4_1_branch2c_bn_add_relu-beta/out
stage3_unit3_conv1_weight               False           Resnet-res4_2_branch2a-weight/out
stage3_unit3_conv2_gamma                False           Resnet-res4_2_branch2a_bn_relu-gamma/out
stage3_unit3_conv2_beta                 False           Resnet-res4_2_branch2a_bn_relu-beta/out
stage3_unit3_conv2_weight               False           Resnet-res4_2_branch2b-weight/out
stage3_unit3_conv3_gamma                False           Resnet-res4_2_branch2b_bn_relu-gamma/out
stage3_unit3_conv3_beta                 False           Resnet-res4_2_branch2b_bn_relu-beta/out
stage3_unit3_conv3_weight               False           Resnet-res4_2_branch2c-weight/out
stage3_unit3_bn3_gamma                  False           Resnet-res4_2_branch2c_bn_add_relu-gamma/out
stage3_unit3_bn3_beta                   False           Resnet-res4_2_branch2c_bn_add_relu-beta/out
stage3_unit4_conv1_weight               False           Resnet-res4_3_branch2a-weight/out
stage3_unit4_conv2_gamma                False           Resnet-res4_3_branch2a_bn_relu-gamma/out
stage3_unit4_conv2_beta                 False           Resnet-res4_3_branch2a_bn_relu-beta/out
stage3_unit4_conv2_weight               False           Resnet-res4_3_branch2b-weight/out
stage3_unit4_conv3_gamma                False           Resnet-res4_3_branch2b_bn_relu-gamma/out
stage3_unit4_conv3_beta                 False           Resnet-res4_3_branch2b_bn_relu-beta/out
stage3_unit4_conv3_weight               False           Resnet-res4_3_branch2c-weight/out
stage3_unit4_bn3_gamma                  False           Resnet-res4_3_branch2c_bn_add_relu-gamma/out
stage3_unit4_bn3_beta                   False           Resnet-res4_3_branch2c_bn_add_relu-beta/out
stage3_unit5_conv1_weight               False           Resnet-res4_4_branch2a-weight/out
stage3_unit5_conv2_gamma                False           Resnet-res4_4_branch2a_bn_relu-gamma/out
stage3_unit5_conv2_beta                 False           Resnet-res4_4_branch2a_bn_relu-beta/out
stage3_unit5_conv2_weight               False           Resnet-res4_4_branch2b-weight/out
stage3_unit5_conv3_gamma                False           Resnet-res4_4_branch2b_bn_relu-gamma/out
stage3_unit5_conv3_beta                 False           Resnet-res4_4_branch2b_bn_relu-beta/out
stage3_unit5_conv3_weight               False           Resnet-res4_4_branch2c-weight/out
stage3_unit5_bn3_gamma                  False           Resnet-res4_4_branch2c_bn_add_relu-gamma/out
stage3_unit5_bn3_beta                   False           Resnet-res4_4_branch2c_bn_add_relu-beta/out
stage3_unit6_conv1_weight               False           Resnet-res4_5_branch2a-weight/out
stage3_unit6_conv2_gamma                False           Resnet-res4_5_branch2a_bn_relu-gamma/out
stage3_unit6_conv2_beta                 False           Resnet-res4_5_branch2a_bn_relu-beta/out
stage3_unit6_conv2_weight               False           Resnet-res4_5_branch2b-weight/out
stage3_unit6_conv3_gamma                False           Resnet-res4_5_branch2b_bn_relu-gamma/out
stage3_unit6_conv3_beta                 False           Resnet-res4_5_branch2b_bn_relu-beta/out
stage3_unit6_conv3_weight               False           Resnet-res4_5_branch2c-weight/out
stage3_unit6_bn3_gamma                  False           Resnet-res4_5_branch2c_bn_add_relu-gamma/out
stage3_unit6_bn3_beta                   False           Resnet-res4_5_branch2c_bn_add_relu-beta/out
stage4_unit1_conv1_weight               False           Resnet-res5_0_branch2a-weight/out
stage4_unit1_conv2_gamma                False           Resnet-res5_0_branch2a_bn_relu-gamma/out
stage4_unit1_conv2_beta                 False           Resnet-res5_0_branch2a_bn_relu-beta/out
stage4_unit1_conv2_weight               False           Resnet-res5_0_branch2b-weight/out
stage4_unit1_conv3_gamma                False           Resnet-res5_0_branch2b_bn_relu-gamma/out
stage4_unit1_conv3_beta                 False           Resnet-res5_0_branch2b_bn_relu-beta/out
stage4_unit1_conv3_weight               False           Resnet-res5_0_branch2c-weight/out
stage4_unit1_conv1sc_weight             False           Resnet-res5_0_branch1-weight/out
stage4_unit1_bn_sc_gamma                False           Resnet-res5_0_branch1_bn-gamma/out
stage4_unit1_bn_sc_beta                 False           Resnet-res5_0_branch1_bn-beta/out
stage4_unit1_bn3_gamma                  False           Resnet-res5_0_branch2c_bn_add_relu-gamma/out
stage4_unit1_bn3_beta                   False           Resnet-res5_0_branch2c_bn_add_relu-beta/out
stage4_unit2_conv1_weight               False           Resnet-res5_1_branch2a-weight/out
stage4_unit2_conv2_gamma                False           Resnet-res5_1_branch2a_bn_relu-gamma/out
stage4_unit2_conv2_beta                 False           Resnet-res5_1_branch2a_bn_relu-beta/out
stage4_unit2_conv2_weight               False           Resnet-res5_1_branch2b-weight/out
stage4_unit2_conv3_gamma                False           Resnet-res5_1_branch2b_bn_relu-gamma/out
stage4_unit2_conv3_beta                 False           Resnet-res5_1_branch2b_bn_relu-beta/out
stage4_unit2_conv3_weight               False           Resnet-res5_1_branch2c-weight/out
stage4_unit2_bn3_gamma                  False           Resnet-res5_1_branch2c_bn_add_relu-gamma/out
stage4_unit2_bn3_beta                   False           Resnet-res5_1_branch2c_bn_add_relu-beta/out
stage4_unit3_conv1_weight               False           Resnet-res5_2_branch2a-weight/out
stage4_unit3_conv2_gamma                False           Resnet-res5_2_branch2a_bn_relu-gamma/out
stage4_unit3_conv2_beta                 False           Resnet-res5_2_branch2a_bn_relu-beta/out
stage4_unit3_conv2_weight               False           Resnet-res5_2_branch2b-weight/out
stage4_unit3_conv3_gamma                False           Resnet-res5_2_branch2b_bn_relu-gamma/out
stage4_unit3_conv3_beta                 False           Resnet-res5_2_branch2b_bn_relu-beta/out
stage4_unit3_conv3_weight               False           Resnet-res5_2_branch2c-weight/out
stage4_unit3_bn3_gamma                  False           Resnet-res5_2_branch2c_bn_add_relu-gamma/out
stage4_unit3_bn3_beta                   False           Resnet-res5_2_branch2c_bn_add_relu-beta/out
fc1_weight                              False           Resnet-fc1001-weight/out
fc1_bias                                False           Resnet-fc1001-bias/out
bn0_moving_mean                         False           Resnet-conv1_bn_relu-moving_mean/out
bn0_moving_var                          False           Resnet-conv1_bn_relu-moving_variance/out
stage1_unit1_conv2_moving_mean          False           Resnet-res2_0_branch2a_bn_relu-moving_mean/out
stage1_unit1_conv2_moving_var           False           Resnet-res2_0_branch2a_bn_relu-moving_variance/out
stage1_unit1_conv3_moving_mean          False           Resnet-res2_0_branch2b_bn_relu-moving_mean/out
stage1_unit1_conv3_moving_var           False           Resnet-res2_0_branch2b_bn_relu-moving_variance/out
stage1_unit1_bn3_moving_mean            False           Resnet-res2_0_branch2c_bn_add_relu-moving_mean/out
stage1_unit1_bn3_moving_var             False           Resnet-res2_0_branch2c_bn_add_relu-moving_variance/out
stage1_unit1_bn1sc_moving_mean          False           Resnet-res2_0_branch1_bn-moving_mean/out
stage1_unit1_bn1sc_moving_var           False           Resnet-res2_0_branch1_bn-moving_variance/out
stage1_unit2_conv2_moving_mean          False           Resnet-res2_1_branch2a_bn_relu-moving_mean/out
stage1_unit2_conv2_moving_var           False           Resnet-res2_1_branch2a_bn_relu-moving_variance/out
stage1_unit2_conv3_moving_mean          False           Resnet-res2_1_branch2b_bn_relu-moving_mean/out
stage1_unit2_conv3_moving_var           False           Resnet-res2_1_branch2b_bn_relu-moving_variance/out
stage1_unit2_bn3_moving_mean            False           Resnet-res2_1_branch2c_bn_add_relu-moving_mean/out
stage1_unit2_bn3_moving_var             False           Resnet-res2_1_branch2c_bn_add_relu-moving_variance/out
stage1_unit3_conv2_moving_mean          False           Resnet-res2_2_branch2a_bn_relu-moving_mean/out
stage1_unit3_conv2_moving_var           False           Resnet-res2_2_branch2a_bn_relu-moving_variance/out
stage1_unit3_conv3_moving_mean          False           Resnet-res2_2_branch2b_bn_relu-moving_mean/out
stage1_unit3_conv3_moving_var           False           Resnet-res2_2_branch2b_bn_relu-moving_variance/out
stage1_unit3_bn3_moving_mean            False           Resnet-res2_2_branch2c_bn_add_relu-moving_mean/out
stage1_unit3_bn3_moving_var             False           Resnet-res2_2_branch2c_bn_add_relu-moving_variance/out
stage2_unit1_conv2_moving_mean          False           Resnet-res3_0_branch2a_bn_relu-moving_mean/out
stage2_unit1_conv2_moving_var           False           Resnet-res3_0_branch2a_bn_relu-moving_variance/out
stage2_unit1_conv3_moving_mean          False           Resnet-res3_0_branch2b_bn_relu-moving_mean/out
stage2_unit1_conv3_moving_var           False           Resnet-res3_0_branch2b_bn_relu-moving_variance/out
stage2_unit1_bn_sc_moving_mean          False           Resnet-res3_0_branch1_bn-moving_mean/out
stage2_unit1_bn_sc_moving_var           False           Resnet-res3_0_branch1_bn-moving_variance/out
stage2_unit1_bn3_moving_mean            False           Resnet-res3_0_branch2c_bn_add_relu-moving_mean/out
stage2_unit1_bn3_moving_var             False           Resnet-res3_0_branch2c_bn_add_relu-moving_variance/out
stage2_unit2_conv2_moving_mean          False           Resnet-res3_1_branch2a_bn_relu-moving_mean/out
stage2_unit2_conv2_moving_var           False           Resnet-res3_1_branch2a_bn_relu-moving_variance/out
stage2_unit2_conv3_moving_mean          False           Resnet-res3_1_branch2b_bn_relu-moving_mean/out
stage2_unit2_conv3_moving_var           False           Resnet-res3_1_branch2b_bn_relu-moving_variance/out
stage2_unit2_bn3_moving_mean            False           Resnet-res3_1_branch2c_bn_add_relu-moving_mean/out
stage2_unit2_bn3_moving_var             False           Resnet-res3_1_branch2c_bn_add_relu-moving_variance/out
stage2_unit3_conv2_moving_mean          False           Resnet-res3_2_branch2a_bn_relu-moving_mean/out
stage2_unit3_conv2_moving_var           False           Resnet-res3_2_branch2a_bn_relu-moving_variance/out
stage2_unit3_conv3_moving_mean          False           Resnet-res3_2_branch2b_bn_relu-moving_mean/out
stage2_unit3_conv3_moving_var           False           Resnet-res3_2_branch2b_bn_relu-moving_variance/out
stage2_unit3_bn3_moving_mean            False           Resnet-res3_2_branch2c_bn_add_relu-moving_mean/out
stage2_unit3_bn3_moving_var             False           Resnet-res3_2_branch2c_bn_add_relu-moving_variance/out
stage2_unit4_conv2_moving_mean          False           Resnet-res3_3_branch2a_bn_relu-moving_mean/out
stage2_unit4_conv2_moving_var           False           Resnet-res3_3_branch2a_bn_relu-moving_variance/out
stage2_unit4_conv3_moving_mean          False           Resnet-res3_3_branch2b_bn_relu-moving_mean/out
stage2_unit4_conv3_moving_var           False           Resnet-res3_3_branch2b_bn_relu-moving_variance/out
stage2_unit4_bn3_moving_mean            False           Resnet-res3_3_branch2c_bn_add_relu-moving_mean/out
stage2_unit4_bn3_moving_var             False           Resnet-res3_3_branch2c_bn_add_relu-moving_variance/out
stage3_unit1_conv2_moving_mean          False           Resnet-res4_0_branch2a_bn_relu-moving_mean/out
stage3_unit1_conv2_moving_var           False           Resnet-res4_0_branch2a_bn_relu-moving_variance/out
stage3_unit1_conv3_moving_mean          False           Resnet-res4_0_branch2b_bn_relu-moving_mean/out
stage3_unit1_conv3_moving_var           False           Resnet-res4_0_branch2b_bn_relu-moving_variance/out
stage3_unit1_bn_sc_moving_mean          False           Resnet-res4_0_branch1_bn-moving_mean/out
stage3_unit1_bn_sc_moving_var           False           Resnet-res4_0_branch1_bn-moving_variance/out
stage3_unit1_bn3_moving_mean            False           Resnet-res4_0_branch2c_bn_add_relu-moving_mean/out
stage3_unit1_bn3_moving_var             False           Resnet-res4_0_branch2c_bn_add_relu-moving_variance/out
stage3_unit2_conv2_moving_mean          False           Resnet-res4_1_branch2a_bn_relu-moving_mean/out
stage3_unit2_conv2_moving_var           False           Resnet-res4_1_branch2a_bn_relu-moving_variance/out
stage3_unit2_conv3_moving_mean          False           Resnet-res4_1_branch2b_bn_relu-moving_mean/out
stage3_unit2_conv3_moving_var           False           Resnet-res4_1_branch2b_bn_relu-moving_variance/out
stage3_unit2_bn3_moving_mean            False           Resnet-res4_1_branch2c_bn_add_relu-moving_mean/out
stage3_unit2_bn3_moving_var             False           Resnet-res4_1_branch2c_bn_add_relu-moving_variance/out
stage3_unit3_conv2_moving_mean          False           Resnet-res4_2_branch2a_bn_relu-moving_mean/out
stage3_unit3_conv2_moving_var           False           Resnet-res4_2_branch2a_bn_relu-moving_variance/out
stage3_unit3_conv3_moving_mean          False           Resnet-res4_2_branch2b_bn_relu-moving_mean/out
stage3_unit3_conv3_moving_var           False           Resnet-res4_2_branch2b_bn_relu-moving_variance/out
stage3_unit3_bn3_moving_mean            False           Resnet-res4_2_branch2c_bn_add_relu-moving_mean/out
stage3_unit3_bn3_moving_var             False           Resnet-res4_2_branch2c_bn_add_relu-moving_variance/out
stage3_unit4_conv2_moving_mean          False           Resnet-res4_3_branch2a_bn_relu-moving_mean/out
stage3_unit4_conv2_moving_var           False           Resnet-res4_3_branch2a_bn_relu-moving_variance/out
stage3_unit4_conv3_moving_mean          False           Resnet-res4_3_branch2b_bn_relu-moving_mean/out
stage3_unit4_conv3_moving_var           False           Resnet-res4_3_branch2b_bn_relu-moving_variance/out
stage3_unit4_bn3_moving_mean            False           Resnet-res4_3_branch2c_bn_add_relu-moving_mean/out
stage3_unit4_bn3_moving_var             False           Resnet-res4_3_branch2c_bn_add_relu-moving_variance/out
stage3_unit5_conv2_moving_mean          False           Resnet-res4_4_branch2a_bn_relu-moving_mean/out
stage3_unit5_conv2_moving_var           False           Resnet-res4_4_branch2a_bn_relu-moving_variance/out
stage3_unit5_conv3_moving_mean          False           Resnet-res4_4_branch2b_bn_relu-moving_mean/out
stage3_unit5_conv3_moving_var           False           Resnet-res4_4_branch2b_bn_relu-moving_variance/out
stage3_unit5_bn3_moving_mean            False           Resnet-res4_4_branch2c_bn_add_relu-moving_mean/out
stage3_unit5_bn3_moving_var             False           Resnet-res4_4_branch2c_bn_add_relu-moving_variance/out
stage3_unit6_conv2_moving_mean          False           Resnet-res4_5_branch2a_bn_relu-moving_mean/out
stage3_unit6_conv2_moving_var           False           Resnet-res4_5_branch2a_bn_relu-moving_variance/out
stage3_unit6_conv3_moving_mean          False           Resnet-res4_5_branch2b_bn_relu-moving_mean/out
stage3_unit6_conv3_moving_var           False           Resnet-res4_5_branch2b_bn_relu-moving_variance/out
stage3_unit6_bn3_moving_mean            False           Resnet-res4_5_branch2c_bn_add_relu-moving_mean/out
stage3_unit6_bn3_moving_var             False           Resnet-res4_5_branch2c_bn_add_relu-moving_variance/out
stage4_unit1_conv2_moving_mean          False           Resnet-res5_0_branch2a_bn_relu-moving_mean/out
stage4_unit1_conv2_moving_var           False           Resnet-res5_0_branch2a_bn_relu-moving_variance/out
stage4_unit1_conv3_moving_mean          False           Resnet-res5_0_branch2b_bn_relu-moving_mean/out
stage4_unit1_conv3_moving_var           False           Resnet-res5_0_branch2b_bn_relu-moving_variance/out
stage4_unit1_bn_sc_moving_mean          False           Resnet-res5_0_branch1_bn-moving_mean/out
stage4_unit1_bn_sc_moving_var           False           Resnet-res5_0_branch1_bn-moving_variance/out
stage4_unit1_bn3_moving_mean            False           Resnet-res5_0_branch2c_bn_add_relu-moving_mean/out
stage4_unit1_bn3_moving_var             False           Resnet-res5_0_branch2c_bn_add_relu-moving_variance/out
stage4_unit2_conv2_moving_mean          False           Resnet-res5_1_branch2a_bn_relu-moving_mean/out
stage4_unit2_conv2_moving_var           False           Resnet-res5_1_branch2a_bn_relu-moving_variance/out
stage4_unit2_conv3_moving_mean          False           Resnet-res5_1_branch2b_bn_relu-moving_mean/out
stage4_unit2_conv3_moving_var           False           Resnet-res5_1_branch2b_bn_relu-moving_variance/out
stage4_unit2_bn3_moving_mean            False           Resnet-res5_1_branch2c_bn_add_relu-moving_mean/out
stage4_unit2_bn3_moving_var             False           Resnet-res5_1_branch2c_bn_add_relu-moving_variance/out
stage4_unit3_conv2_moving_mean          False           Resnet-res5_2_branch2a_bn_relu-moving_mean/out
stage4_unit3_conv2_moving_var           False           Resnet-res5_2_branch2a_bn_relu-moving_variance/out
stage4_unit3_conv3_moving_mean          False           Resnet-res5_2_branch2b_bn_relu-moving_mean/out
stage4_unit3_conv3_moving_var           False           Resnet-res5_2_branch2b_bn_relu-moving_variance/out
stage4_unit3_bn3_moving_mean            False           Resnet-res5_2_branch2c_bn_add_relu-moving_mean/out
stage4_unit3_bn3_moving_var             False           Resnet-res5_2_branch2c_bn_add_relu-moving_variance/out
